CI: Separate lint and add pypy (#2)
CODAIT/pydax: CONTRIBUTING.md

    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

To run all tests on all available Python versions configured to work with PyDAX, run:

    tox

> By default `tox` uses `virtualenv` to test separate Python versions. If you would prefer `tox` use `conda`, run:

Author: The difference is not necessarily only about Python version:

```suggestion
By default `tox` uses `virtualenv` for creating each test environment (such as for each Python version). If you would prefer `tox` to use `conda`, run:
```
